Syllabus for CSC 1254 Sec. 1 (Computer Science with C++ II) Spring 2016
=======================================================================

**Introduction**. Welcome to Computer Science with C++ II! In this course, you
will learn about advanced topics in programming. See the calendar for details.
.. raw::
           Name        Castleberry, Dennis
           Office      2019 Louisiana Digital Media Center
           Hours       M: 10:00-4:00, T/Th 2:00-4:00, by appt.
           E-mail      dcastl2@tigers.lsu.edu
           Phone       (225) 578-5912
       
           Tests       (4 x 128 points)  ...  512 points
           Homeworks   (7 x  64 points)  ...  448 points
           Test 0      (1 x  64 points)  ...   64 points
           Total                         ... 1024 points

**Textbook**.  I recommend that you use an on-line reference, such as
cplusplus.com. More importantly, be familiar with your favorite search engine.
Most importantly, do your best to make sense of codes in class, ideally when
they are first presented.

**Availability**.  Please make an appointment with me to be sure I’ll be in the
office. I answer e-mail during the weekdays, but not weekends. Note that your
homework is due on 6:00 PM on Sundays, so you’ll need to plan ahead if you want
help with it. My most frequent visitors tend to be good students!

**Homework**.  Homework is completed on the steam.csc.lsu.edu server and
submitted via the p_copy program. You will normally be given a choice of
problems; you may answer up to 64 points worth (no more). You may earn up to +N
points of extra credit for turning in the assignment N<=8 days in advance of
the due date (but no more than credit earned for the assignment). Your last
submission is the ony one that counts for the purposes of determining credit.

**Attendance**.  I do not directly measure attendance, but I do give extra
credit worksheets. These may be follow-along sheets, class activities, group
activities, or pre-tests. These worksheets also serve as study guides for the
test. Copies are not made. I may have rules on how worksheets are done.  You
must reclaim the worksheet the next class day to receive credit for it.

**Lateness**.  For quizzes and tests which you miss, you must supply a
university-approved excuse in writing to make them up. Unexcused late work
receives a zero. If homework is one second late, it receives a zero. There are
no exceptions to this, even if the lateness is due to a technical difficulty. 

**Cheating**.  Don’t do it! If you e-mail me about trouble you have with
homework, I will help you. I want you to succeed while playing by the rules. If
there is evidence to believe a student is cheating (e.g. plagiarising codes for
homework, employing tricks during a test), the incident will be processed.  If
you are receiving help from another student, be sure to credit that student
where appropriate.

**Words to the wise**.  This class is challenging, and difficulty spikes during
and after each test. There will be no curves; all points are earned, and every
point counts.  If your final grade is one point away from a higher grade
category, it will stay.  You are allowed seven days to contest a grade earned
(from the date it was entered).

This class can also be fun. Maintain a positive attitude, embrace challenges,
and make good decisions (turn in homework ahead of time, study ahead of time,
practice regularly, and overestimate the difficulty). If you succeed in this
course, it will reflect in your logical reasoning and programming abilities.

